Add v0.16.1.0 release notes (#3805)
dashpay/dash: doc/release-notes.md

Dash Core version 0.16.1.0
==========================

Release is now available from:

  <https://www.dash.org/downloads/#wallets>

This is a new minor version release, bringing various bugfixes and improvements.

> This release is mandatory for all nodes.

Reviewer: Is this accurate?

Notable changes
===============

Network changes
---------------
InstantSend locks were not relayed correctly when another node was requesting updates via the `mempool`
p2p message. Some other internal optimizations were made to the way object requests are handled.

GUI changes
-----------
Fixes for the following GUI related issues

> - The wallet did refuse to load if no valid GUI theme was found in settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The wallet crashed if no valid GUI theme was found in settings.
```

This happened for users upgrading from versions prior to v0.14.

> - There were randomly occurring font size scaling issues like abnormal font sizes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- There were randomly occurring font size scaling issues.
```

> - Open and close the settings while the application was in fullscreen/maximised

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Opening or closing the settings while the application was in full-screen/maximized
```

window mode lead to fragmented GUI layouts.

> - There was an unexpected checkmark in the "Encrypt wallet" menu item on linux/windows

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- There was an unexpected checkmark in the "Encrypt wallet" menu item on Linux and Windows
```

Notable changes
===============

Network changes
---------------

> InstantSend locks were not relayed correctly when another node was requesting updates via `mempool`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
InstantSend locks were not relayed correctly when another node was requesting updates via the `mempool`
```

> p2p message. Some other internal optimizations were made to the way object requests are handled.

Reviewer 3: Probably not very important to mention but weren't the "Some other internal.." rather bugfixes than optimizations? (of course, bugfixes also optimize things 😆)

GUI changes
-----------

> Fixed an issue when wallet would refuse to load if no valid GUI theme was found in settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the wallet would refuse to load if no valid GUI theme was found in settings.
```

This was happenning for some users who had pre-v0.14 wallets installed previousely.

> Few other GUI issues like fonts acting strange sometimes, window size not updating correctly,

Reviewer: Maybe "... like inconsistently scaled font sizes, ..."

> a couple of crashes which could occur when a node is compiled or started with wallets disabled etc.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
a couple of crashes which could occur when a node is compiled or started with wallets disabled
```
